



Department of Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning
Academic Year 2025-26(EVEN)

Report 
for
Mini project-I (24AIM48)
On 
“Title of the project”
 By
Name                                                USN




Under the Guidance of
Mr. 
Professor/Assoc.Prof/Se/Senior Asst.Prof /Asst.Prof.
Dept. of Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning,
New Horizon College of Engineering,
Bangalore-560103




Department of Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning
CERTIFICATE

Certified that the Mini Project-I with the subject code 24AIM48 work entitled “Title of the project” carried out by Mr/Ms.xyz, USN 1NH20AIXXX. It is certified that all corrections/suggestions indicated for Internal Assessment have been incorporated in the report. The project report has been approved as it satisfies the academic requirements in respect of Mini Project work.

Prof.                Dr. N V Uma Reddy             
 Internal Guide                  Professor & Head of Department                 

       External Viva  
       Examiner                                              Signature with date:

         1.

         2.



ACKNOWLEDGEMENT 

The satisfaction and euphoria that accompany the successful completion of any task would be impossible without the mention of the people who made it possible, whose constant guidance and encouragement crowned our efforts with success. 
I have great pleasure in expressing gratitude to Dr. Mohan Manghnani, Chairman, New Horizon Educational Institutions, for providing necessary infrastructure and creating good environment. 
I take this opportunity to express my profound gratitude to Dr.Manjunatha, Principal, New Horizon College of Engineering, for his constant support and encouragement. 
I take this opportunity to express my profound gratitude to Dr. R. J. Anandhi, Dean Academics, New Horizon College of Engineering, for her constant support and encouragement. 
I would also like to thank Dr.  N. V. Uma Reddy, Professor and HoD, Department of Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning, for her constant support. I also express my gratitude to her my mini project reviewer, for constantly monitoring the development of the project and setting up precise deadlines. Her valuable suggestions were the motivating factors in completing the work.
 I take this opportunity to express my profound gratitude to Guide,          Professor, Department of AI & ML, New Horizon College of Engineering, for his constant support and encouragement








ABSTRACT
200 to 250 words that explains your project






















Table of Contents
ChapterPage No.
Introduction11.1 Definition1.2




List of Tables
Table No.TitlePage No.
1.1Comparison Table2



List of Figures
Fig. No.TitlePage No.
1.1Flow Diagram2





CHAPTER-1
INTRODUCTION
Introduction 
Objectives
Literature Survey
10 papers to be selected from SCI or scopus indexed journals. Please cite the articles.
Existing system
Proposed system
Main Heading- font size-16-bold
Sub heading- font size-14-bold
Content font size-12
Font : Times New Roman

Sub headings should be labelled as 1.2, 1.3 so on based on chapters.










CHAPTER-2
SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS
2.1 Hardware requirements
2.2 Software requirements




















CHAPTER-3 
SYSTEM DESIGN
3.1 System architecture
3.2 Algorithms/ Flow charts

This is sample. Content can be included with relevance to your project
















CHAPTER-4
IMPLEMENTATION 
4.1 Psuedocode 
4.1 results 


















CHAPTER-5
RESULTS AND DISCUSSIONS


CHAPTER-6
CONCLUSION AND FUTURE ENHANCEMENT





















REFERENCES
[1] Arbyn, Marc and Weiderpass, Elisabete and Bruni, Laia and de Sanjos,Silvia and Saraiya,        Mona and Ferlay, Jacques and Bray, Freddie,“Estimates of incidence and mortality of       cervical cancer in 2018: a worldwide analysis”, textitThe Lancet Global Health, 2020,8, pp.       191-203.

































Plagarism Report